[CMS-852] WP Launchcheck updated release documentation (#131)
pantheon-systems/wp_launch_check: docs/CONTRIBUTING.md

* Temporarily update the logic so the `wp_launch_check.phar` is created on all branches. In `.github/workflows/validate.yml`, replace the two branch names with one line:
```
- '**'
```
* Create a Release Candidate tag based on your RC branch.
```
git tag -a "v1.2.3-RC1" -m "Version 1.2.3-RC1"
git push origin v1.2.3-RC1
```
* When the tag is pushed, GitHub Actions will automatically create a Release including a `wp_launch_check.phar` file.
* Monitor https://github.com/pantheon-systems/wp_launch_check/actions.  Watch for your tag’s workflow to complete.  If there are any failing tests, satisfy the failing test or rerun the job.
* Review https://github.com/pantheon-systems/wp_launch_check/releases and ensure a `wp_launch_check.phar` file was created.

## 2. Generate a Quay tag for cos-wpcli based on the RC above

To perform the next steps, you will need a local copy of the [`pantheon-systems/cos-framework-clis`](https://github.com/pantheon-systems/cos-framework-clis) repository.

```
git clone git@github.com:pantheon-systems/cos-framework-clis.git
```

* Checkout a new branch called `wplc-1.2.3-RC1`

> * In `wpcli/Dockerfile`, bump the version of WP-CLI.

Reviewer: This looks like an error from when I authored this page in March.
```suggestion
* In `wpcli/Dockerfile`, bump the version of WP Launch Check.
```
